what is up till we talk 123 here I don't
have that much time so I'm sorry I need
to make this video right now though I
feel I need to make it because number
one I've gotten a lot of support from
Toronto Blue Jays fan so I want to thank
them a lot I really do appreciate their
love for baseball they always seem to
comment they're very into their sports
I've made some videos on the state of
the Toronto Blue Jays as a team and I
love the direction they're going to GM
alexandra palace has done there however
you say the name has done an absolutely
fantastic job getting young guys like
Yunel Escobar colby rasmus I have you
know getting Brett Lowry in that you
know the deal with shaun marcum they
really have a very good team built for
the future san jose bautista looked very
good after how he well he did again in
2011 so i really look at what they've
done this offseason and yes they've gone
after top free agents and they haven't
be able to get them done they went off
to your uterus and they weren't able to
get that done and so at some some you
know some points it's kind of
disappointing to see you know they went
after the top relievers it went after
the top starters they went after top
trade targets have not been able to get
done but everything happens for a reason
and really you look at the Blue Jays
they played a safe on a lot of things
they have the club policy to not go over
a five-year deal they have a great young
team for the future and really they just
need to solidify that bullpen trade you
to weigh like four guys in the deal to
st. Louis or acceptance captivity hotel
and they lost some draft picks in that
deal we're able to acquire colby rasmus
now you look at all the guys that
they've acquired this offseason the
trade for surgical sent Santa's was
fantastic all they had to give up wasn't
you know pretty intriguing arm mind
early arm transition from a believable
to shortstop to a picture and they get
Sergio Santos who had a fantastic year
with the White Sox last year cost
control day you know for the next few
years so a great deal that and they
actually sign the top closing for age
and available there was a ton of free
agents and relievers and closers
available at the beginning of the
offseason they went for the top ones
they realize that they don't want to
overpay for a reliever and of signing
Francisco Cordero for actually a lot
less than the market price that we've
seen some of these closers get and I
mean look at his numbers yes he's a
little older he's 36 but if you sound
him on a one-year deal there's not that
much risk in that you look at his
numbers from last year he has a
50-percent ground ball rate fish almost
72 any 70 innings from the Reds I should
save 37 games for a red
seen those you know kind of mumbling
around 500 for most of the season look
it is I mean you really look at his
number is a 2.45 er a that's fantastic
and the fact when you look at it they
spent just oh you know just around that
same mount for gallica darren oliver the
left-handed you know kind of stud he's
definitely older they really solidified
this bull appended to get him for the
price that they did I think he's a
really good deal you look at who they've
gotten this offseason for bull pen wise
they get Cordero Frazier santos and
darren oliver and they got fraser back
from the White Sox so you know they've
made some really good deals getting some
older guys to solidify the bullpen they
lost a lot of guys this offseason and
this makes it released half a lot better
and they have a pretty good young
pitching staff they locked up Brandon
Morrow and they have a lot of good young
position players too so blue jays are
looking good for 2012 now people discuss
what his role with the team will be is
obviously it will improve this seems
relief staff so no matter where he
pitches in the game the staff is a lot
better you have options late in the game
right now it looks as he will set up for
closer Sergio Santos that deal was great
give me the young Sergio Santos proved a
lot last year but if he does falter
midseason you can move them to set up
for a print subscriber Cordero a very
experienced closer so really good deal
for the Jays overall thanks for watching
again sorry for the short link let me
talk one two three things